when did you know that it was earth just
before you did look I know what you're
thinking but it's one possible future
it's one timeline you want me to tell
you that earth is gonna be okay
cuz I can't in your time Humanity is
busy arguing over the washing up while
the house burns down unless people face
facts and change catastrophe is coming
but it's not decided you know that the
future is not fixed it depends on
billions of decisions and actions and
people stepping up humans
I think you forget how powerful you are
lives change worlds people can save
planets or wreck them that's the choice
be the best of humanity oh don't forget
to click below and subscribe to the
official Doctor Who YouTube channel
[Music]